docs: document how to enabled Google and GitHub social login (#511)
kamilkisiela/graphql-hive: packages/web/docs/pages/self-hosting/oidc-login.mdx

# OIDC Login

By default GraphQL Hive allows you to login using a email and password.
However, you can also enable OIDC (often refered to as social login).
This allows you to login using a third party provider such as GitHub and Google.

## GitHub

First, you need to create a new GitHub application on https://github.com/settings/applications/new

> For the `Homepage URL` option full in the web app base url (e.g. `https://myapp.com`).

Author: ```suggestion
For the `Homepage URL` option full in the web app base url (e.g. `https://graphql-hive.com`).
```

> For the `Authorization callback URL` option use the web app base url followed by `/auth/callback/github` (e.g. `https://myapp.com/auth/callback/github`)`.

Author: ```suggestion
For the `Authorization callback URL` option use the web app base url followed by `/auth/callback/github` (e.g. `https://app.graphql-hive.com/auth/callback/github`)`.
```

> For the `Homepage URL` option full in the web app base url (e.g. `https://app.graphql-hive.com`).
> For the `Authorization callback URL` option use the web app base url followed by `/auth/callback/github` (e.g. `https://app.graphql-hive.com/auth/callback/github`)`.

Author: ```suggestion
For the `Homepage URL` option full in the web app base URL (e.g. `https://app.graphql-hive.com`).
For the `Authorization callback URL` option use the web app base URL followed by `/auth/callback/github` (e.g. `https://app.graphql-hive.com/auth/callback/github`)`.
```

Create the app and generate a new client secret.

Then, you need to add the following environment variables for your GraphQL Hive `app` instance:

```bash
AUTH_GITHUB=1
AUTH_GITHUB_CLIENT_ID=741784e6331a404eaXXX                         # use the one of your app
AUTH_GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET=e43e123dd54de2b56126dc4afc4491dbbba6bXXX # use the you just created
```

Now the Sign Up with GitHub button should be visible on the login page.

## Google

First, you need to create a new Google OIDC application following this guide: https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6158849

> For the `Homepage URL` option full in the web app base url (e.g. `https://myapp.com`).
> For the `Authorization callback URL` option use the web app base url followed by `/auth/callback/google` (e.g. `https://myapp.com/auth/callback/google`)`.

Author: ```suggestion
For the `Homepage URL` option full in the web app base URL (e.g. `https://app.graphql-hive.com`).
For the `Authorization callback URL` option use the web app base URL followed by `/auth/callback/google` (e.g. `https://app.graphql-hive.com/auth/callback/google`)`.
```
